# Phases of development
1) Decide on Geodyssey Labs
2) Establish basic structure and text
3) Style for mobile in grayscale
4) Add color

# Structure
## Home
### Section - Header
- Geodyssey Labs
  - Surveying Software to protect lives and property
### Section - Brumadinho dam disaster
- Date: January 25th, 2019
- Location: Córrego do Feijão iron ore mine, Brumadinho, Minas Gerais, Brazil
- Lives lost: 270
- Damage: $7,000,000,000
- Better geomonitoring would have provided earlier warnings and saved lives and property.

### Section - Geomonitoring
- Geomonitoring protects life and property through risk assessment of environmental and structural hazards.

### Section - Problem
- Solutions market is highly fragmented: In-house builds by service providers
- Prone to Risk: Exposure to risk through endless manual integrations
- Not scalable: Device and sensor limited by integration builds
- Low quality: Third party quality control add-ons double costs to fulfull tenders
- Old: Dated industry softwares build populate the space


## Team
- Geodyssey Labs was formed by two principal co-foundes, Luke Skinner and Sashca Scheid. Together they comprise more than 50 years in experience in both geodetic surveying and software production.
- Pictures of Sasch and Luke

## Product
### Section - Caliper
- Geodyssey Labs is producing Caliper, the first SaaS market solution which integrates the processing of all mathematical calculations with one set of algorithms, on one platform, for any OEM hardware.
- Caliper’s algorithms comply with the highest scientific standard of quality control and are:
- Platform Native—No more third party software.
- Scalable—No theoretical limit to instrument quantity or type.
- …making Caliper:
- Cheaper—No more third party purchases.
- Faster to deploy—No more third party integrations.
- Safer—No more third party risk vectors.

## Sign Up
- Join waitlist for beta launch
-   First name (required)
-   Last name (required)
-   Email (required)
-   Company (optional)
-   Country (optional)

## Other
### Keywords
The keywords chosen for the landing are based on generally accepted suggestions for SEO marketing. A health mix of broad, specific, and long-tail keywords are used. They were generated by Bard after providing it the full company business plan.

## Sources
[Brumadinho Dam Disaster](https://youtu.be/sKZUZQytads?si=DuwlpgqgZXvnl3R8)
